Section 4:
----------

What is required for basic responsive design?
--------------------------------------------------

Fluid Grids:
Fluid grids and layouts to allow content to easily adapt to the current viewport
width used to browse the website. Use % rather than px for all layout-related
lengths.

Flexible Images:
Flexible and responsive images are required. Images behave differently than
text content so we need to ensure they also adapt to the current viewport. Images
don't scale as the viewport changes so the image dimensions need to be specified
in % rather than fixed units. Images also take up the most size on websites so
they need to be optimised for different widths.

Media Queries:
Media queries allow for styles to be changed on certain viewport widths (breakpoints)
which in turn allows for creating a different version of a website for different
widths (different sized devices).

What are the different ways to layout a website?
--------------------------------------------------
There are 3 main layouts:
    1. Float layouts - These are the most common layouts where boxes are placed
                       side by side using floats. The alternatives to this are
                       still not 100% supported by modern browsers.
    2. FlexBox       - Flexbox allows you to arrange elements in a one dimensional
                       row. Flexbox is not fully supported in 2017 across all
                       browsers.
    3. CSS Grid      - CSS Grid on the other hand allows you to arrange elements
                       in a two dimensional grid with most flexibility. CSS Grid
                       is also not fully supported in 2017 across all browsers.

See TypicalGridLayout.PNG for how grids are laid out on a web page. I.e.
A row is split into columns and elements take up a portion of those columns.
E.g. a row is split into 4 columns, where the first element takes 1 col and the
another element takes the remaining 3 columns.
There is also default spacing between each element in the row.